---
title: "CS2040S"
date: 2022-01-18T17:47:31+08:00
draft: false
series: ["CS2040S"]
tags: ["CS2040S", "Notes", "Data Structures", "Algorithms"]
---

## About

Here are my notes for the NUS Module [CS2040S Data Structures and Algorithms](https://nusmods.com/modules/CS2040S/data-structures-and-algorithms). 

Technically speaking, they are not notes, but rather my attempts to explain the contents covered in the class. 

## Disclaimer

I titled this series CS2040S because it is the notes that I wrote while taking the CS2040S. However, I do not by any means represent the teaching team at NUS (I am only a newbie student taking this course), nor do the contents that I wrote represent what was taught in class. 

I wrote these notes and published them on my blog because I am a strong believer in the [Feymann Method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_by_teaching). I do believe that by writing down my understanding of the course content could help me learn better. Hence, the only relevance to the CS2040S course is that I would try to explain the topics covered in the course using my own language. While writing, I would try my best to share with you my thought processes while learning these contents. 

It should also be reminded that, because I am a newbie to algorithms and data structures, I cannot guarentee that what I wrote are 100% correct and accurate. If you were to refer to my own blog, please use it at your own discretion. It would be hugely appreciated if you could [email](mailto:xiuxuan.wang@u.nus.edu) me the mistakes if you happen to find some. 

## Contents

### [Week 02](./week_02)

This week's lectures discussed the [Big-O Notation](./lecture_03/big_o_notation) and [Binary Search](./lecture_03/binary_search).

### [Week 03](./week_03)

This week's lectures focused on the sorting algorithms. 
